Here are a few questions to consider and points to revisit when you wrap up this case:
- How did the crew emerge from their interaction with Magnum Opus? Did any of them follow the path offered by the cult and if so, how far did they go? Whose life was altered forever, whether by the cult’s intervention or their own willing sacrifices?
- What is the state of the Magnum Opus operation at the end of the case? Was it completely decommissioned or can the cultists rebuild? Where are key figures such as the Cabal, Alona Wainwright, Professor Clay, and Whirler? If the truth came to light, does Prof. Clay continue recruiting for the cult or seek a new way to realize the alchemical Magnum Opus?
- What was the fate of the cult members in the end? Seekers, Followers, Initiates, and Disciples – did they sacrifice everything for ultimate knowledge and power? Were some of them able to break free from the cult and rebuild their lives? If Armand’s power still holds, did they retreat to Canseliet Manor? Or do some of them continue the quest on their own? What of the cult followers the crew was sent to rescue from the cult? Did they return to their families?
- What of all the Tinctures the cult left behind, and the Twice-Diluted Grail Water? If the cult or Armand fall, do they lose their power? These powerful artifacts can wreak havoc in the wrong hands. How does the crew intend to dispose of them? Can the crew find a way to return the Mythos essences to the people they were stolen from, and if so, should they?
- Did the mysteries of the Magnum Opus and the possibilities it offers make a lasting impression on the crew members, supporting cast, or the NPCs in the case? Will they continue the quest to discover what lies beyond this world? Perhaps Ariadne would be willing to guide one of them.
- What ever happened to those embroiled in the dig site job: Silvio Yadao and his daughter, Helena; Moonwraith; and the Helix Labs archaeological team? Who ended up with the tablet with the recipe for the Elixir of Life, and how do they use it?