Here are a few questions to consider and points to revisit when you wrap up this case:
- Did the bomb go off or was the blizzard of hate planned by Krystal Knight averted? If it did go off, the City will have to cope with this traumatic event in the weeks, months, or even years to come. If the crisis was averted, does the crew gain reputation among Sleepers or in the Rift underworld? Did they discover that the Devil’s Mirror magic is infused into glass all over town, and if so, how do they plan to defuse it?
- What was the end of Dr. Krystal Knight, the Grail Knight? Was she killed, imprisoned, or shattered and contained? Was she healed and now must honorably face all the destruction and pain she has caused? Did she escape or even win the battle, and now plans her next move on the City from her lair? What will be her part in the greater fight against Corbin Payne?
- How did the crew and their supporting cast come out of this intensely emotional episode (and sub-arc)? Were relationships irreversibly damaged? Was this an opportunity for crew members to work through their issues? Did some of them embrace or reject their Rifthood more than before?
- What happened to the Mending the Broken victims Felicia Pema Jones and Ruben Stone (as well as Martha Ellis and Maximillian Drake)? Did they bounce back and find their place as Rifts? Were they able to cleanse their minds of the toxic thoughts instilled in them by their hate-mongering therapists? Did some of them try to confront their abuser or even seek revenge?
- How did the organization of Mending the Broken come out of this? Is it still operating and deceiving Rifts or did the crew make a point of shutting it down? If they lost their boss, did Mending the Broken practitioners disperse and revert back to Sleepers or did they awaken independently? Did they find a new Rift to keep them awake? What is their relation to Rifts after all this?
- And the Asylum – does it continue to operate? Is it time to shut down this atrocious institute or modernize it and turn it into an actual place of healing? Or does the crew decide they need a new prison for their unhinged villains?