# Overview
VINCE BEAUMONT (King Arthur) became infected with Corbin Payne’s suffering without ever meeting the Fisher King. Beaumont’s daughter, a naive activist and the Rift of Percival (see Percival, page 260), made a daring attempt to heal the wounded Payne by activating the Grail; she failed, and was never seen again. When Vince Beaumont finally found the note she left for him, he learned she had valiantly sacrificed herself to stop a malign power, an insidious force that crawled under the veins of the City. This realization, that the City needed someone to protect it from an invasive force, made Beaumont awaken as the Rift of King Arthur.

Despite finding a new purpose, Beaumont never let go of the grief over losing his daughter. With every day that passed, the Mist further erased her memory until he could no longer remember her name; and with every fragment of her gone, his grief festered into rage, and fuelled his war against the Fisher King. His sole mission had become to eliminate Payne. As this violent but ultimately human urge for revenge took him over, he became an unknowing vessel for Payne’s contagious suffering: the more he fought Payne, the more Beaumont spread misery all around him.

From a middle-aged laborer Beaumont transformed into a mobster, at first working alone and then gradually growing his crime organization from a crew, to a gang, and then to a mafia. Eventually, he found the Fisher King and killed him – but the Grail revived its bearer. Beaumont was later killed in a gang feud, but a unique synergy between his Arthur Mythos and his legendary rage made him reincarnate over and over again. And so, this endless war of the two kings dragged on for decades.

By now, Beaumont is used to reincarnating and can rebuild his organization or reassert his power over it within shorter and shorter periods. Knowing that simply killing the Fisher King won’t do, he seeks a source of magical power strong enough to overcome the Grail or at least tamper with it. First and foremost, he is adamant to push back the Mist and create an Enclave kingdom, ALBION, that will allow him to tap into greater magical power than is currently available in the City. Second, he is hanging his hopes on the prophecy of the QUESTING BEAST, hunting for a creature so reviled and abominable that its slaying could be considered an epic deed, a deed which can unleash immense magical energy. Third, he is searching for the RIFT OF MERLIN, someone powerful enough to alter the rules of creation.

When the vein begins, Beaumont resurfaces in a new host, CALVIN CYRUS, in the neighborhood of WHITECLIFF, which he intends to turn into Albion by undermining the current mayor and taking control over the town. He leads a new biker gang, THE ERRANTS, who share his ideals about pushing back the malicious servants of THE CRIMSON KING – the name they gave Corbin Payne (since , as an Avatar, his true name is protected by the Mist). At the same time, Beaumont is cultivating EVA RICE, a real-estate agent and the Rift of the Wendigo, both for her mundane skill at expanding the boundaries of his Albion and for her potential as a Questing Beast, due to all the lives she has consumed. Throughout this quest, he is aided by CÉLINE ROWLAND, Rift of the Lady of the Lake, a mysterious woman who may just be using him to achieve her own goals.

Beaumont won’t stop until he destroys Corbin Payne. He is willing to take the entire City to war over what he claims to be a battle for freedom and justice, but in fact is his own personal vendetta.
# THEMES AND MOTIFS
- **A Crime War:** The Criminal Vein revolves around a bloody war between two “crime lords”, Vince Beaumont with his growing street gang, and Corbin Payne, who holds sway over the corrupt police (and to some extent, the Gatekeepers). Beaumont’s organization engages in vandalism, intimidation, turf wars, real-estate schemes, abduction, and brutal violence against law enforcement and rival gangs. Worst of all, they take innocent lives to ensure their superiority against their enemies. The cases in this vein are therefore written in the genre of a crime drama.
- **Violence against “The Other”:** Beaumont’s own psychosis, as well as his power over his followers, stems from projecting their pain onto someone else. Just as Beaumont holds Payne responsible for all his misery (disregarding, for example, his daughter’s part in the matter), his Errants blame cops and Gatekeepers for the current state of affairs in the City – and vice versa. This allows everyone involved to condemn the other side and justify even the most unspeakable acts in the name of their holy war, simply by portraying “the other” as a reviled creature. This is epitomized in the concept of the Questing Beast, a person treated as an abomination worthy only of death.
- **Loss that leads to anger:** Beaumont, Rice, and other NPCs in this vein have lost or were denied something dear to them and subsequently fell prey to their own rage. This vein features a pervasive atmosphere of grief too hard to process, which overflows and erupts in violent ways.
- **Power as a futile antidote to pain:** The same NPCs who suffer from loss and rage solve their problems by accumulating the power needed to destroy their enemies. The only currency in Beaumont’s mind is power, because eliminating Payne is all that matters: the power of Albion, the power of the Questing Beast prophecy, the power of Merlin, and the power that the Errants and the PCs can offer him . Anyone who cannot offer him power is a weakling, a traitor, or simply pathetic.
- **Arthurian and Medieval Fantasy:** This vein is rich with Arthurian Rifts who can bring to life elements of medieval romances with their motifs of chivalry and heroic quests, knights, dragons and griffons, castles, murky forests, etc.
# A WAR AGAINST THE TRUTH
If you are using the setting expansions of Don’t Believe The Truth and Suits Unveiled (published in Shadows & Showdowns), Beaumont is effectively waging war against the Avatar Council of The Truth and the status quo they represent, since behind the scenes stands Corbin Payne, the secret council member who has them all wrapped around his finger (see page 16)

Some council members are more likely to get pulled into the conflict with Beaumont than others. DA King, responsible for law enforcement in the City, will likely empower cops to fight against the uprising in Albion. When the crime war escalates, Monte Wolfe has his alarmist media report on it incessantly. Most importantly, the Gatekeepers, who have a seat at the council, are there to ensure the Enclave of Albion is permanently sealed.

In this vein, whenever the Gatekeepers or an Avatar’s minions become involved, it is always at the behest of Corbin Payne. He doesn’t want anyone to win; in order to prolong everyone’s suffering, he forces the Gatekeepers and the Avatars to hold back and provide just enough resistance to drive Beaumont mad, eventually prodding him to unleash his doomsday weapon and bring the City to utter chaos and ruin.
# NIGHTCRAWLER REIKO
Throughout this vein, the Whitecliff crisis is covered intensively by the media. One nightcrawler, a freelance photojournalist taking telltale shots of nighttime crime scenes and illicit activities, is cashing in on the events of the Criminal Vein thanks to her edge over the others: she can see through the Mist. Reiko Ikeda, Rift of the Jorōgumo (Japanese spider-demon disguised as a woman), uses her Rifthood to track the activity of other Rifts – namely the crew – crawl on walls to get to camera positions no other nightcrawler can dream of, and shapeshift to walk away looking like an innocuous passerby or a tiny spider. Even though her photos are ‘edited’ by the Mist, they are evocative enough to rattle readers, which gets her paid. She could be selling them to the City Herald, to Kwaku’s Webflo (MC Toolkit, page 205), or to Monte Wolfe Media (Shadows & Showdowns, page 189).

Reiko is not a bad person. She’s driven to work as a nightcrawler because there are bills to pay, because her Yōkai Mythos has a strange attraction to morbidity, and because of her personal beef with the Mist: she wants to expose what’s really going on in the City. In extreme situations, she will put saving innocent people from trouble before snagging a great shot (there are a few accounts of the Jorōgumo saving people from drowning), but for the most part she takes care of number one. When in her natural form, she’s a snarky, casually-dressed woman in her 30s, with long dark hair pinned in a bun and a high-tech camera dangling from her neck.

The crew may find Reiko to be a real nuisance when she thrusts their nighttime activities into the media limelight. Thanks to her sneakiness, she can even cover events within the seiged Albion Enclave during the events of The Streets Bleed Neon. At the same time, Reiko can be a source of information on what is happening on the City streets at night, completing any details the crew missed. She takes her payment in cash, fresh leads, or fresh corpses (don’t ask). She’d kill for a Mist-penetrating camera like the one Maximillian Drake made for P.I. Holliday (see Carnival of Machines, sidebar on page 46).
# PACING BEAUMONT THROUGH THE STORY ARC
Unlike the archvillains of the other two veins, who are revealed only at the end of their respective veins, Vince Beaumont is present throughout the Criminal Vein, starting at the very beginning. Therefore, you will need to adapt some details of the vein in order to seamlessly integrate his character with the rest of the story arc, as explained below.

## BEAUMONT AS A HEROIC VILLAIN 
As the crew works through the cases of this vein, their view and understanding of Beaumont changes, as does their relationship with him. The vein plays best when the crew identifies at least partially with Beaumont and must deliberate, individually or as a group, on whether they want to help him on his quest to overthrow the Crimson King. On the one hand, he is a violent criminal; on the other hand, he is a heroic freedom-fighter, sworn to release the City from Corbin Payne. Whenever the opinions of the crew swing in one way, introduce evidence and behaviors to swing them in the other way. Each case in the vein includes advice on how to achieve this.

## BEAUMONT AS A PLOT DEVICE 
**The role Vince Beaumont plays in the story arc varies greatly depending on whether he is the first, second, or third Grail Knight the crew encounters.**

If he is the first, then the crew may learn about Corbin Payne as early as in the middle of their first case, Albion Awakens, when Beaumont lays down the cards and shares his ultimate goal with them. The name of Corbin Payne is the first clue in the overarching case Percival (page 259), so at your option, Beaumont could reveal the name Corbin Payne from the get-go, or he may continue to use the moniker “the Crimson King” in referring to Payne until you’re ready to start the overarching case.

As the one who tells the crew about Corbin Payne, Beaumont may go on to become their mentor in their fight against Payne, perhaps only to be revealed as a Grail Knight at the very end of the arc. You may even wish to delay the events of the final case in this vein, The Streets Bleed Neon, until you’re ready to reveal Corbin Payne’s influence over Vince Beaumont, maybe even until the end of the entire story arc.

Even if Beaumont is the second or third Grail Knight the crew meets, you should hold off the revelation that he is a Grail Knight until the last case in this vein (The Streets Bleed Neon). At least until the end of the second case, let the PCs and the players believe that Beaumont is an honorable, even if vindictive man, fighting the evil Citywide manipulation of Corbin Payne out of his own volition. This will increase the impact of the truth that even in fighting Corbin Payne, Beaumont is in fact acting in his service, spreading war and misery in the City

# REMEMBERING RIO
Just as the name of Corbin Payne is the first clue in the story arc’s overarching case, Percival (page 259), the name of Vince Beaumont’s long lost child, Rio, is the final clue.

Rio’s name is so deeply hidden by the Mist that only the last Grail Knight the crew meets recalls it. If Vince Beaumont is the first or second Grail Knight, he won’t remember his daughter’s name, not even if he is healed. If he is the third, he will recall it only at the end of this vein, when he is presumably healed or defeated. For more information, see Percival.