Here are a few questions to consider and points to revisit when you wrap up this case:
- What was the end of Martha Ellis? Was she healed, imprisoned, or killed? Even if someone found a way to banish or destroy the Banshee, Martha’s emotion may have left a powerful print that continues to echo behind the veil of the Mist. If she was stopped in time, is she being helped to work through her issues? How are her powers contained? Perhaps she is admitted to the Municipal Institute for the Criminally Insane, where she will be groomed directly by Dr. Krystal Knight and resurface as part of her doomsday plan in Broken Glass (page 63).
- What about Nowak? Was he able to help Martha and accomplish what he set out to do? If not, does he continue to stop villains from ruining their future as a ghostly messenger of death, or did he despair and turn to evil, or back into the sleep of the Mist? Did he get to keep his job or was he sent to prison?
- With the similarities in their Mythoi, and their rather opposite mundane personas, do Martha and Nowak become mortal enemies or do they develop an inexplicable love that crosses space, time, and prison bars?
- What kind of relationship formed between the crew and officers Das and Quinn: a cold rivalry or a friendly alliance? Somewhere in between?
- How did the legal aspect of the case close? Was someone formally charged with the deaths of Darnell Fox, Tiffany Bancroft, or Adam Walsh? Did anyone help their families reach closure, or is it better to leave them in peace? Do their souls rest in peace or are they restless, seeking revenge?
- What is the future of the Washboard? Did Sammy Jefferson Jr. finally go legit or did he return to his usual sources of income?