```
To the sounds of a repetitive Latin chant and an occasional stifled whimper, you make your way through the underground tunnels. The empty eye sockets of a thousand human skulls embedded in walls follow you mockingly. You pass by torchlit alcoves and see in each the shuddering body of one of the initiates, shackled to a heavy altar, a boulder, or a subway car. Passing solemnly from one sacrificial lamb to the next is a procession of robed and hooded cultists carrying a golden basin. As they stop next to a stupified victim, they chant, and an unearthly crackle roars as the walls are lit by eldritch flashes of green glow, showing their long shadows. A moment later, the procession continues its path, a little worse for wear, yet with greater zeal.
```
# Background
The Catacombs are the secret headquarters of the GodKing’s cult. Originally a complex of burial chambers underneath the Old Quarter, where the alchemists of old reputedly gathered in secrecy to conduct their forbidden experiments, today the Catacombs is a barracks the size of an army base buried much deeper under the City. Thanks to the power of Earth Transmutation possessed by the cult’s Disciples, the entire complex can be transported to a new location as necessary, while accessways in the form of abandoned subway tunnels can be put together and disassembled like toy bricks.

The candle-lit tunnels, corridors, and chambers of the catacombs are lined with the original skulls and bones of those buried here, a constant reminder for the cultists of the mortal fate that awaits them if they fail to fulfill their mystical calling (or if they betray the God-King). The complex is built in three sections, each enclosing the next: the Initiates' Court, the Disciples’ Court, and the Sanctum Sanctorum.
## THE INITIATES’ COURT
When Initiates first arrive in the Catacombs, they don the gold-hued robes – marking the beginning of the Yellowing stage – and join the life of servitude of the other Initiates and Disciples. They are shown to their meager living quarters. The atmosphere is severe and austere. There is no room for socializing or time-wasting; everyone understands they have a role to perform and the ultimate goal of the Magnum Opus is ever-present. They are forbidden from entering the Disciples’ Court and beyond without an accompanying Disciple.

Lamb Initiates are confined to their chambers. They are expected to study the texts and secrets of alchemy to prepare for their awakening. In fact, the cult merely holds them there temporarily until the preparation for the Anointing ritual is complete.

Wolf Initiates are assigned to a Disciple who commands them, and partake in cult activities in the City, like the Chinatown Festival attack or the Dig Site Job. They prepare for their missions in a series of labs within their Court, concocting their chemical formulas. Wolf Initiates work under the assumption that the cult has enemies and that in order for the cult to complete the Magnum Opus, they must do what it takes to ensure its survival.

PCs who are in this stage may begin to feel that something is amiss. After the life-shattering sacrifices they made in the Blackening and the Whitening, studying scriptures and running errands may not seem a very mystical experience. The Disciples promise them that the next ritual will be worth it all.

## THE DISCIPLES’ COURT
While Disciples are stationed in key roles all over the City (most notably Canseliet Manor in The Alchemist, page 155), the Catacombs is their central barracks. Versed in elemental Transmutations, Disciples seek to grow their alchemical powers through service to the God-King in hopes of learning from the Great Teacher (Armand, or the Cabal if you are playing the case as a one-shot) and gaining the ultimate power promised to them. They train tirelessly in special facilities in the complex and prepare for the moment they receive orders from the Cabal, communicated via an eternal flame that burns in one of their halls or through a messenger sent from Cabal members such as Alona Wainwright.
## THE SANCTUM SANCTORUM
At the center of the Catacombs, there is a system of tunnels and chambers that is used for the Anointing ritual, the Rift awakening ritual. At its heart is a golden basin with the Magnum Opus’ most important Relic and ingredient: the twice-diluted water from the Grail, purified water in which one drop of Armand Kai’s Grail Water was dissolved. Access to the Sanctum Sanctorum is blocked by solid earth and guarded by Disciples at all times; it is only ever made accessible during the Anointing ritual.
## SECURITY IN THE CATACOMBS
The cult has put in place multiple defense systems to protect its underground stronghold from snoopy Rifts:
- **Access by Earth Transmutation:** Positioned deep underground and movable at the whim of the Cabal, the Catacombs can only be physically accessed by those who (a) know where they are at the moment, and (b) can travel through solid earth. Disciples with Earth Transmutation serve as gatekeepers and ushers, dismantling and reconstructing old subway and service tunnels to connect and disconnect their base.
- **Astrological divination:** The cult monitors the astrological chart of the Catacombs a hundred times more intensively than it does any other aspect of its operations. If you haven’t used The Cabal’s Damage Control to bring the PCs to a dead-end or ambush, this would be a good time to do so.
- **Magical Wards:** The Cabal are powerful ritual sorcerers, especially when they work together. They have placed magical wards on the Catacombs that counter divination powers or magical infiltration attempts (teleportation, shapeshifting, etc.) and alert the Cabal. The Initiate’s Court is warded-1, the Disciples Court is warded-2, and the Sanctum Sanctorum is warded-3.
- **The Initiate’s Riddle:** The mystic’s version of a keypad, this riddle serves as another barrier for interlopers (page 143).
- **Cultist patrols:** Initiates and Disciples on guard duty (alert-1) patrol the corridors of all three sections of the Catacombs at all times.
- **Other cult agents:** If the Cabal are concerned of an imminent attack on the Catacombs, they may post Talia Al-Bahar or the Yakuza Yōkai in the Sanctum Sanctorum with clear instructions to either engage the interlopers or secure the Twice-Diluted Grail Water.
## THE ANOINTING RITUAL
The Anointing ritual completes the Yellowing stage. Each Initiate is carried to a different chamber in the Sanctum Sanctorum and chained to an altar or another heavy object.
- Whether Lambs or Wolves, Initiates who the cult identified as Rifts are still chained, but are subjected to neither treatment. At the end of the ritual, they are treated as anointed Lambs (any resistance is impeded by their **zealous** statuses, if any).
- Wolves are given a Transmutation by branding the alchemical symbol of their element in their flesh. This hurts-like-hell-3 and permanently transforms them into individuals Touched by Armand’s alchemist Mythos. They each gain control over their element and become Disciples, but initially they can’t-controltheir-powers-2 and must train to remove this status. At the end of the ritual, they are carried to the Disciples’ Court for recovery, never to see their fellow Initiates, the Lambs, again
- Lambs are Anointed with the Twice-Diluted Grail Water and become Rifts. They erupt with the legendary power of their Mythos, sometimes leveling their chamber or harming the Disciples who perform the ritual. While still overwhelmed-3, they gradually regain their bearings; their zealous status helps them control their power and compels them to obey the Disciples’ commands. At the end of the ritual, Lambs and previously-awoken Rifts are gathered and promised that they are a step from uniting with the GodKing and achieving total illumination and omniscience. They are then sent to be harvested.
### Clues
- With the necessary alchemical knowledge, this ritual can be connected with the Yellowing or Awakening stage of the alchemical Magnum Opus. The next step is the final step, Reddening or transformation, which will unite the aspirant with the God-King, the source of all life.
- The water in the golden basin has the power to awaken Sleepers into Rifts.
- The branding of alchemical symbols grants Disciples their alchemical powers.
## THE HARVEST RITUAL
The cult does not wait long to harvest the newly-awakened and veteran Rifts, leading them soon thereafter into the “Sacred Fire”: a Mythos-melting flame which can strip the legendary from a Rift, collecting it as a volatile and corrosive substance called Ichor, which is later refined into a Tincture. See the exact rules for the effects of this process in The Furnace (page 109).

If you are playing through the story arc, the harvesting site can be at the furnace (The Furnace, page 109) or the Ichor distillery in Canseliet Manor (The Alchemist, page 163). If you are playing this case as a one shot or if it better fits your cinematic considerations, the Cabal has another inner room at the center of the Sanctum Sanctorum, where the “Sacred Fire” is burning and where they personally conduct the harvesting.

Whatever the location of the harvest, the Disciples herd the Rifts together and usher them into the flames one by one, praising their coming transformation and union with the God-King while the **zealous** Rifts can do nothing but comply, believing they will attain their long-awaited answers or ultimate powers. Instead, the Lambs emerge from the “Sacred Fire” as soulless Sleepers, devoid of their unique animating force – their Mythos – and of any hope to ever awaken again.
### Clues
- With the necessary alchemical knowledge, this final ritual can be connected with the Reddening stage of the alchemical Magnum Opus: the coveted union with the God-King. However, something is amiss here: it doesn’t feel like anyone here is any nearer to the truth.
- The Disciples who usher the Lambs into the “Sacred Flame” have seen this ritual before; they don’t believe a word they say to the Lambs about their upcoming union with the God-King.
- Walking into the “Sacred Fire” is not the gate to ultimate illumination but to permanent Sleep. The “Sacred Fire” melts down one’s Mythos into a glowing, corrosive goo. Rifts come out of the “Sacred Fire” virtually braindead, remembering nothing at all. At first this may seem like a state of enlightenment, but very soon it becomes evident: they are completely ordinary people with no power nor connection to the Source. In fact, any glint they had in their eyes seems entirely snuffed out.
- This shines a light on the true motives of the cult of the God-King: “Magnum Opus” is a manufacturing operation driven by power lust, harvesting people of their innate mystical powers.
## OPERATION CLEAN UP
Once the cat is out of the bag about the cult (or once there is enough evidence to prove it), the crew may wish to take any of the following courses of action:
- **Rescue Initiates from awakening or harvesting:** The crew can try to sabotage the Anointing or “Sacred Fire” rituals. They may also attempt to convince the Initiates of the truth: seeing a fellow Initiate emerge numb and empty-eyed from the “Sacred Fire” or seeing the Ichor harvested from them has a sobering effect. Give the PCs story tags for every piece of hard evidence they show the cultists to help them break through their **zealous** statuses and **turn-away-from-cult** spectrums (see Magnum Opus Dangers, page 120).
- **Bring down the Catacombs:** This could entail defeating the villainous Disciples and any remaining cult agents at the scene, and physically demolishing or collapsing the compound. The crew may wish to somehow save the Twice-Diluted Grail Water
- **Shut down the entire cult operation:** The crew could set out to apprehend key figures like Prof. Clay, Whirler, and Alona Wainwright and the remaining Cabal members, or at least sabotage their operations. There may also be a battle of political influence as the Cabal try to pull strings to get rid of the crew once and for all.
### Clues
- If you are playing the story arc, the trail leads to the man behind the cult: the Great Teacher, the alchemist Armand Kai, who resides in his Old Quarter Canseliet Manor (described in the final case of the Mystical Vein, The Alchemist). The crew can find the manor by following a delivery of harvested Ichor, tapping a communication from the last Cabal members, chasing escaped Disciples, or investigating the source of the Twice-Diluted Grail Water.
- Furthermore, the Twice-Diluted Grail Water is a link to the Mythos of the Fisher King (Corbin Payne). Investigating it should yield clues based on the current act in the overarching case, Percival (page 259)
## THE TWICE-DILUTED GRAIL WATER 
The substance used by Magnum Opus to awaken Rifts is a diluted solution of purified water and a drop of water previously contained in the Grail. Water from the Grail was given to Armand by Corbin Payne, perhaps in the hope that the alchemist could find a cure to the king’s legendary ailment. While Armand still keeps the original Grail Water in his lab (see The Alchemist, page 170), he gives the cult a diluted version of it, thus diluting the raw power of the Grail a second time.

In this story arc, the Grail represents the ultimate power of the truth, of transformation, and of healing. Armand and his cult use it to awaken individuals to their true nature, their Mythos, before cruelly ripping its essence out of them, turning them into hopeless shades.

Treat this substance as a wild card. If a Rift is Anointed with it, she may awaken further, replacing another Logos theme with a Mythos theme, or she may See Through the Mist, at least temporarily (as in the Moment of Evolution, Player’s Guide, page 269). The power in the diluted version could be tapped to power a miracle equivalent to a significant sacrifice on a Stop. Holding. Back. move. Narratively, it could make someone see a truth they’ve been ignoring or heal grave physical or emotional wounds.