Here are a few questions to consider and points to revisit when you wrap up this case:
- How did the crew members and their supporting cast emerge from the licking flames of the furnace? Did anyone lose their powers? If so, is the crew content to let them live as Sleepers or do they intend to find out how to restore their Rift comrades? Until they do, perhaps a player of a depowered character can play a secondary character that joins this cause.
- What happened to the furnace? Was it destroyed or decommissioned? Was it simply left there in the Enclave? If so, what happened to the Gingerbread Witch Tincture? If it’s back on the market, many dangerous Rifts could be interested in reactivating the furnace and ending someone’s Rifthood, or their own, or stealing someone’s powers. Perhaps Armand Kai reinstates Rachel as the Gingerbread Witch or finds a new one, continuing his nefarious business. The Gatekeepers would kill for such a device and may quarantine the factory, setting up a strange government facility there.
- Speaking of Rachel, what was her fate? Did she pay a dear price for her unbridled self-promotion or did she get away with it? Did she repent, and if so, is Magnum Opus now after her and possibly her Tincture? And what of Hans? Did he get sucked into his sister's greedy machinations or did he stand up for himself? What will he do now if he can't get more Candy?
- What happened to the rest of the Candy? Did it retain its power or did it go away with the Gingerbread Witch? If it’s risk-free now, what is stopping Rifts from getting addicted to it? If still manufactured, it could become a hot commodity in the Rift underworld, rattling the City’s economy.
- What about the victims of the furnace, like Will and Juan? Or Leckermaul? Will the crew find a way to give them back their powers? Perhaps they don’t want them back? Would it be ethical to reawaken someone without their consent? What if they are unable to give consent, exactly because of the part of them that’s missing?
- If they are out of product now, what’s the next move for the Underhand Naga Gang and Foxy Supreme? Are they going to find someone to make them a new drug?
- Finally, now that the crew was exposed to the Bowl and the Rift underworld in all its glory, do some go back to the fight club to seek release or socialize with others like them?