Here are a few questions to consider and points to revisit when you wrap up this case:
- Did everyone in the crew and in the supporting cast survive Drake’s trap? If not, how are the surviving members dealing with losing a friend? What emotions do each of them experience? Do they vow to hurt Drake as revenge?
- What was the fate of Maximilian Drake, the Mechanist? Was he able to convince anyone with his self-important philosophical rants? Did he see the error of his ways or did he finally accept that there is more in heaven and earth than could be explained by natural science? Has he become more staunch in his opinions, if that’s even possible? How does the crew plan to prevent him from killing more Rifts?
- What happens next with the carnival? If Drake is free, will he complete his vision and open the Rift-slaying theme park he dreamed up? If their god is gone, what will the Lemnos Carnies do? Will they wait for his return in the ruins of the carnival? Or will they rebuild, and if so, would it be to reopen the place as a legitimate funfair or to continue their master’s legacy?
- How does the crew plan to approach the organization of Mending the Broken? If you played through Killing Her Softly, they now have met two villains connected with the therapist group.
- What ever happened to that street hustler, Goldie? Did she make it out alive of the death trap Drake set for her, or did her mythical and worldly urges seal her doom? If she survived, did she repent, or continue to steal from the rich and give to herself? Perhaps she becomes a series regular and continues to tail the crew, getting herself into dangerous situations.
- And P.I. Holliday – did he make it safely out? Or did he follow Goldie and got caught up in the fairground drama? Will the crew blame him for his part in the deaths of Pauline Woodworth and David Nguyen?
- What about Ellie Woodworth? Is anyone going to tell her that Pauline is gone? That it was David Nguyen who killed her? Would seeing the giant body cause Ellie to awaken and join the Rift underworld? Or would the crew decide to spare her the truth and let her hope she’ll someday see Pauline again?
- If Theresa Nguyen hired the crew, she’ll want to know what happened with Maximilian Drake, unless she gets his head on a silver platter as she asks. Such a brutal elimination is bound to gain the crew a nefarious reputation on the streets.
- Finally, what about Drake’s technology, lying about in the mud just outside town? Someone could pick up a magical part and use it as a Relic, wittingly or unwittingly, sparking off a whole new origin story.