```
The trail leads you through alleys and across roads, under highway bridges, and past cooling towers. It ends abruptly at the foot of a red brick wall on the side of an old abandoned factory, probably here since the roaring days of the City. There’s a perturbing silence all around. Not far from there, you spot the rotting wooden double gate, locked with a chain, where a fading “KEEP OUT” sign dangles. Peeking inside, you see the scant light filtering through the skylights and faintly illuminating a bare and dusty hall lined with concrete posts, utterly empty. The only object there is an old, shut down industrial furnace, its mouth gaping in a mean ole smile.
```
# Background
The old Aurora Glassworks factory is a thin place, a transition point between the City and [[The Gingerbread House]] Enclave. The factory is the only entrance to the Enclave; however, this particular thin place only allows in those who have consumed Candy, the Gingerbread Witch’s victims-to-be (although she can allow others in at her discretion). The factory is also used as a collection point for both pure Candy made by the Gingerbread Witch (collected by her distributors, the Underhand Naga Gang) and the Ichor extracted by the furnace (collected by her employers, the alchemist cult Magnum Opus).
## Entering the Enclave
**Rifts who have consumed Candy may immediately enter the Enclave.** If they are outside the factory, any entrance to the factory leads into the Enclave: the main gate, a back door, the landing dock doors, etc. A magical passageway may even appear on the exterior walls. If someone consumes Candy inside the abandoned factory, they may find their way into the Enclave at the middle of the main hall, behind a post, in a stairwell, or even inside the old furnace. Candy users crossing over may not even realize they travelled to the Enclave. The passage may appear in different places for different people. To those who cannot access the Enclave, they seem to simply vanish.

**All other characters cannot normally enter the Enclave.** When they enter the factory, they enter the abandoned, empty version of it that exists in the City. Characters with the power to travel between dimensions and realms must Stop. Holding. Back. and make a significant sacrifice to cross over alone, or a no-return sacrifice to bring others with them (the same restriction may also apply on the journey back, as fitting the situation). Alternatively, characters with the Mobility theme improvement Ain’t No Mountain High Enough can travel into the Enclave once per session, but may not be able to travel back out in the same session, nor bring anyone else with them, unless the MC approves it.

If present, Hans can help bring over PCs one-by-one, but he will need real, concrete assurances that Rachel won’t be harmed. If anyone tries to influence his mind around this point, they trigger his True Love move. To secure his sister’s safety, he may ask or trick the PCs into taking Candy. Similarly, if Charlie is present and discovers one of the PCs under his control can’t cross over to the Enclave, he may force feed them Candy.

## LEAVING THE ENCLAVE
In the other direction, characters burned in the furnace are expelled from the Enclave thereafter and appear in the empty factory, having lost or rapidly losing all memory of their life as a Rift, including what happened in the Enclave (thanks to the Mist). Others may only leave the Enclave with Rachel’s conscious consent or if they take possession of the Gingerbread Witch Tincture and use it to open the passage.

## Why so impregnable?
The difficulty of penetrating the Enclave serves multiple purposes in this case:
- Set up the Enclave as Rachel’s drug fortress
- Drive more PCs to use Candy before they enter
- Serve as a barrier for crews arriving from other cases so that they must investigate this case first before continuing into the Enclave.
Depending on the cinematic effect you wish to achieve this could be a barrier the crew scales quickly or a dead end that forces them to stake out the factory for weeks.
# Clues
## Investigating the factory
Snooping around the factory may yield some interesting clues but not without some risk. Rachel can easily peer from the Enclave into the factory and spot the interlopers. However, she isn’t always watching and she prefers to remain hidden and let snoopy individuals come up empty handed over acting and exposing her base. Later, she can instruct the Underhand Naga Gang to follow them and teach them a lesson. If something happens in the factory that requires intervention, or if a lone Rift wanders in and she spots an opportunity, Rachel may send out one of her Gingerbread Men (see page 110) to tackle the problem.
- This is where people disappear. Will Harris, Juan Delamar, Hans Woods, and any other victims of the furnace vanished here a day or two before they showed up again (if they did). Rosina Leckermaul appeared here about a month ago. This can be detected with an uncanny sense of smell, retrocognition, finding a torn piece of fabric from their clothes or a personal belonging, or reviewing CCTV recordings outside the factory.
- The Underhand Naga Gang picks up pure Candy on the loading dock at the back of the factory once a week. They scope out the location for a while until the vat simply appears.
- A group of Magnum Opus Disciples picks up vats of an iridescent viscous substance (Ichor) and possibly unloads blindfolded people (Rifts) into the factory. They arrive late at night in a truck that they reverse up against the loading dock, hiding their activity as best they can. See [[Magnum Opus Shipment]] below.
- **Beyond the Mist** there lies the Enclave. Rifts aware enough or lucky enough can get a glimpse of what is happening inside, although it will likely be brief and vague. Rifts Investigating with the magical arts (instead of using their Mythos to Look Beyond the Mist) may bump into the Gingerbread Witch’s Defense Against Magic.
- **Further beyond the Mist** there is a faint, almost forgotten hint of a powerful dark magic that was unleashed in this furnace many years ago: the shards of Dr. Krystal Knight’s Devil’s Mirror. Pulling on this thread may lead to investigating the Aurora Glasswork company (see Broken Glass, page 62), connecting to the Personal Vein.