```
Private Investigator Holliday could not have chosen a more typical Downtown P.I. office. Accessed through a narrow stair between two street-level businesses, the second-floor corner office has a nice view of the junction below. The block lettering on the milky glass door, the broad hardwood desk, and the green desk lamp all tell you he’s one of those traditional detectives. The Murphy bed folded with the sheets still on and a bottle of whiskey stashed in the file cabinet do a double tap on that assessment.
```
# Background
P.I. Holliday’s office is located a few blocks away from the [[Corner of Pine and 5th]]. If P.I. Holliday is present when the crew arrives, he welcomes them and pretends to be helpful, but keeps his lips sealed regarding his current assignment (tracking the crew and Goldie) or past assignments (profiling other Rifts including Pauline Woodworth and David Nguyen) as per his Professionalism custom move. He will use the occasion to collect more information on the crew, trying to discover their Mythoi. If the crew gets information out of him, possibly by bribing or threatening him, he reveals what he knows, partially or wholly

Searching the office proves difficult as any evidence has been well-hidden by the veteran P.I.; if the P.I. is present, searching under his nose triggers his Street Smarts custom move, giving him alert-2.
# Clues
- A phone number P.I. Holliday recently called or a mailbox address etched in his notepad could lead the crew to the Carnie that receives his communications. Following the Carnie successfully could lead them to [[The abandoned fairground]].
- P.I. Holliday keeps a copy of all his profiling dossiers. There are about twenty of them stashed in a cardboard box hidden in a hole in the wall, behind a bookcase. They include the profiles of David, Pauline, and Goldie, but not the files on the PCs, unless P.I. Holliday had a lot of downtime to put together an organized folder.
	- The profiles contain a host of interesting details and pictures, not an analysis. A good detective can surmise P.I. Holliday didn’t really know what exactly his employer was looking for, and therefore just described the subjects’ lives and special abilities. The profiles can also point the crew to [[The Woodworths' Apartment]] and [[David Nguyen's Condo]].
		- **David’s profile** contains a pictures of his lavish condo, with some antiquities and archeological artifacts hanging on the walls, most notably an ancient shield with a Star of David on it. There is a picture of him playing a guitar in some Downtown dive with a note behind it: “When I woke up, he was gone, everyone in the room was asleep.” (This alludes to King David’s magical lyre playing.)
		- **Pauline’s profile** has pictures of her working in a construction site as a giant, lifting a pallet of bricks from the ground to the third floor. There’s a map of the City with the locations of her projects; all of them are on the outskirts of town. There’s a scribble on the map: “urban expansion?”. There are also photos of her and Ellie hiking and kayaking.
		- **Goldie’s profile** is a fat bundle of police reports, describing unsolved burglary cases. There are photos of shrunk down doors fallen off their hinges and charred alarm devices. Some fetching portraits of her, taken clearly without her knowledge, betray the P.I.’s feelings toward her
		- SOMEONE ELSE? P.I. Holliday’s box of profiles can contain a profile on another Rift – a supporting cast character that the crew cares about, a series regular (like officer Das), or perhaps even a Nemesis. The crew must warn this person in time, otherwise they may meet this character at the abandoned fairground, or worse, find her dead in one of Drake’s traps.