```
Valérien’s Oddities & Curiosities shop is nestled under layers and layers of Old Quarter construction with nothing but painted lettering on a quaint door to hint at its entrance. Inside, however, it is surprisingly voluminous, but not spacious; the store is packed floor to ceiling with books, trinkets, archaeological artifacts, jars full of strange ingredients, and crumbling scrolls. “One could get lost down there,” warns the owner, Valérien, an aging bespectacled man in a tweed vest as he points to the pathways in the vast repository of esoteric knowledge he curates. “Better take a light,” he adds.
```
# Background
Valérien’s Oddities & Curiosities (The Rabbit Hole of Alice’s Adventures in Wonderland) is the go-to shop for anyone dabbling in the occult. PCs who actively practice the magical arts may already know it or of it, or they would be delighted to discover it. Its only visible entrance is a door in an Old Quarter alley, but inside it seems to extend deep into the building. Those who explore the store always find another passageway, another small room, or another spiral staircase; in the deep recesses of the store it seems to overflow into a cellar carved in the earth, and unwary visitors may even fall into a lower level, only to land safely on an old armchair covered in leaves.

Valérien’s Oddities & Curiosities offers an opportunity for academic and occult crew members to research the Magnum Opus lore. As the Enclave of the Rabbit Hole, it presumably holds any imaginable book or object that a researcher or an occultist might need and its mysterious ways can even contrive to help PCs who aren’t great researchers find answers. While the front of the store seems to hold books about interesting but ultimately trivial or common topics, its deep interior contains ancient manuscripts and objects with magical properties that can unlock the most esoteric mysteries.

## VENTURING INTO THE ODDITIES
Venturing into the shop is a Change the Game move that can only be attempted once per scene. A PC who is exploring the shop chooses how deep she goes and receives a status to reflect this – **curious-1**, **exploring-2**, **venturing-deep-3**, or **lost-in-books-4** – which enhances her Change the Game move. PCs who explore together must choose the same tier of status and only one of them can take the action, with the other PCs assisting. If the move was successful, the Juice that is generated by the move can be spent on generating tags of useful objects or on obtaining relevant Clues, one-per-one.

Once the move is resolved, all the characters in the exploring party take a **lost** status with a tier greater by one than the tier of their exploration status. If the Change the Game move was successful, they may Face Danger; if it missed, the MC can impose the **lost** status without allowing a Face Danger move. The condition of being **lost** in the shop can be a practical one (actually lost or stuck in some part of the store) or a mystical one (opening books and not seeing any writing, falling endlessly in a psychedelic space, etc.). A PC can recover from this status normally over time or by using other means; to end her state of bedlam immediately and remove the status, the player may also burn a tag representing order, structure, or logic or mark one Crack on a Logos theme that keeps her grounded.
# Clues
- Magnum Opus isn’t training alchemists to do the Great Work of the Alchemists. The adherents are the base material and the Great Work is the process of making them into something else.
- Blackening stands for rotting. At the beginning of the process, the base materials must rot and decompose. Psychologically, it represents facing one’s nothingness and corrupted nature. Only by wallowing in one’s festering failings and meaninglesness can one be free of it ([[Cases/Payne Town/@Glosary/Prof. Clay]]’s impossible tasks and [[The Silo Trial]]).
- Whitening stands for purification. After breaking up the base material’s resistance, it can be purified, leaving the gross matter behind. In this stage, one must let go of all attachments and worldly desires, becoming “refined”. Thus inner peace is achieved and all sins are absolved.  
  Experts or local guides can link this denial of mainstream life with some communities that live underground ([[Whirler's Commune]]) or with a medieval celebration called the [[The Feast of Fools]] which is reenacted occasionally in a big avant-garde rave
- Yellowing stands for awakening. A purified substance (or soul) can begin to contain the light. Exposing it to divine light (or knowledge) illuminates it from within and awakens it. The soul becomes infinitely aware (and a Rift in the Mist is formed).
  If the crew reached [[The Catacombs]], the Anointing ritual can be linked with this stage. Otherwise, they can speculate that the cult has a third location where this awakening stage takes place.
- Reddening stands for transformation. The awakened matter can now be transformed into another matter, of a higher order. Likewise, an awakened soul can transcend humanity and reunite with its source, the God-King.
  Even if the crew saw the furnace, it’s difficult to link it with this stage. This is where the cult’s lies finally unravel: at the end of the road there is no union with the God-King, only greedy Wolves feasting on the Lambs. However, this only clicks once the crew understands the entire process.
- Reddening can be linked with the furnace at [[The Aurora Glassworks old Factory|the old Aurora Glassworks factory]] (page 105, The Furnace) or [[Canseliet Manor]] (page 155, The Alchemist).