# Overview
## Book overview
>At the edge of the Old Quarter, there’s an aged, deserted mansion where no one lives and no one goes. Rumor has it that it once belonged to an aging alchemist, one who has sought the secret of life everlasting and dabbled with the alchemy of souls. His students and followers, remnants of his dark cult, still guard the estate to this day, hoping to retrace their master’s achievements. But even they fear to venture deep below, lest they become mere ingredients in the alchemist’s final experiment. You have no such luxury; you must find the Alchemist’s “Great Work”, even if in the process, you become something else...

The Alchemist is a case centered on a single location that can be played as either a heist or a dungeon crawl. It describes the danger-ridden lair of Armand Kai, a master alchemist haunted by his fear of dying, who desired most of all to retreat from the noisy City and complete his Great Work: finding the means to live forever. The entire structure of his manor is engineered as a “chemistry set” where the crew is the base material going through transformation as they move deeper and deeper, closer and closer to the ultimate reward: the Elixir of Life.
## Personal overview

# Background

## Book background
### History of Armand Kai
Back in the early years of the City, Armand Kai (Fulcanelli, a fabled master alchemist) was a young academic with a passion for spiritualism and mysticism. He spent his days translating and interpreting obscure texts and his nights attending séances, psychic readings, and secret society meetings, all in the attempt to unlock the mysteries of the soul, the universe, and human existence. His search led him to the secret science of alchemy, which presented a path not only to the transformation of matter but also to the transformation of the soul. The ardent seeker became entranced by the possibilities offered through this ancient science and particularly the promise of cultivating one’s being beyond its humble, mortal beginnings, thereby attaining spiritual illumination and vast mystical powers. Soon after he began to decipher old alchemical teachings he had his first spiritual experience, awakening as the Rift of Fulcanelli.

The years went by and Armand’s understanding of alchemy and of the occult grew deeper and wider. His profound study of the Mist revealed, to his amazement, how powerful and all-encompassing the spell put on humanity was. Despite Armand’s growing powers, there was always this force, this barrier, that kept him and his fellow City residents from fulfilling their utmost potential and from accessing a reality beyond that of mundane existence in the City (for further reading, see No Beginning and The Age of Wonder, Shadows & Showdowns, page 296). Brave and unrelenting in his search, Armand embarked on a quest to find the holy grail of spiritual seekers: the reason for it all. Little did he know it would eventually lead him to the literal Grail Castle.
##### FULCANELLI: MYTH OR REAL?
In modern history, Fulcanelli was the name of a mysterious French alchemist, active in the 1920s, whose published works discussed transformation and esotericism. It is unclear who Fulcanelli was or if he even existed; he allegedly disappeared after World War II, with only his student Eugène Canseliet left to recount his incredible experiments and eventual transformation. His legend was popularized in the paranormal collection book The Morning of the Magicians.
#### Encounter With Payne
When he finally found the Grail Castle – Corbin Tower – Armand was a middle-aged man, weary of his lifelong search for the ultimate truth but still as passionate as ever. In the derelict skyscraper, he found an agonizing Corbin Payne, already deeply consumed by his festering wound. Armand discovered that the old reclusive “king” was feeding off of the subconscious pain of the City and perpetuating it in return, and that the Mist avails itself of this pain, using it to keep the City residents under its thumb. If only he could use his alchemy to concoct a cure for the King, the pain will be healed and the City would take its first step toward freedom.

Corbin Payne had different plans, or perhaps he could not help himself from inflicting his own mythic suffering on others. Sensing the fears that the alchemist sequestered deep in his psyche, the Fisher King revealed himself to the alchemist as an old, decrepit man and bared his bleeding wound before him. This appalling vision of man’s ultimate demise, of misery, decay, and imminent death etched itself in Armand’s mind, striking him with the Dolorous Stroke (see page 18). It exposed Armand’s hidden motive for his spiritual journey: a morbid fear of old age and death, a desperate last stand against the laws of time, and a scramble to find a way to hold on to his life – no matter the cost.

Rising darkly over the curled up and whimpering alchemist, the Fisher King derided him, saying that such a self-serving seeker could never be worthy of the Grail. To ridicule him, or perhaps to aid him in his search, Corbin Payne gave Armand a single drop of water that was held in the Grail. “Go, find your Philosopher’s Stone,” his mocking voice echoed as the alchemist ran in terror through the windswept empty office floors of the unfinished skyscraper, “you’re almost out of time…”
#### The Search for a cure
Following his encounter with Corbin Payne, Armand Kai became utterly obsessed with the search for life everlasting, leaving no stone unturned in the City. Small discoveries, few and far between, helped him unnaturally prolong his life, but he remained achingly aware that he was still aging, only slower. The years went by faster now, and he amassed arcane knowledge and power to match any in the City. Yet he never completed the true Magnum Opus, the true Philosopher’s Stone or Elixir of Life that would rid him of the fear of death, despite giving his all to his work.

The older he became, the more he began to worry the world around him would consume him. Every little interruption took away time he needed for his Great Work, wasting precious moments. The dynamic and frantic City was full of threats to his life, accidental or intentional, and everywhere he saw the long spindly fingers of Death reaching for him. He wanted to keep it all to himself: his time, his knowledge, his resources, his life. People became a nuisance and then a danger. More and more, he became a recluse (not unlike Corbin Payne) and dedicated himself to the urgent, gnawing need to find a solution to his approaching doom. He shut himself in the basement of his Canseliet Manor and retreated deeper and deeper into hiding, deeper and deeper into the ground, surrounding himself in every manner of protection.
#### A turning point
Several years ago, just as he realized time was almost up for him, Armand made a remarkable discovery: with the right alchemical treatment, the Grail Water could be used to wash away the Mist and awaken new Rifts. It opened up the possibility of discovering a Rift who could bestow life everlasting and launched a new branch of research for Armand: the alchemy of Mythoi. But in its very essence, awakening was unpredictable. He could not foresee what Mythoi he would awaken in each experiment. The only way forward was trial and error on a massive scale, for which Armand devised a furnace that could refine the essence of a Mythos out of a Rift (see The Furnace, page 87) and a false cult that would mass-awaken Rifts in a controlled manner, to provide the furnace with a constant flow of raw material (see Cult of the God-King, page 113).
##### CINEMATIC DUNGEONEERING
Exploring a complex in City of Mist is different from dungeons crawls in traditional role-playing games. Taking the cinematic approach, a City of Mist game focuses on key locations in the building and key scenes that take place there, rather than inch-byinch progress on the map. Much like in a movie or other work of fiction, airtime is given to interesting events that befall the lead characters during their time in the “dungeon”.
#### The construction of the manor
Before he created either, however, Armand first had to perfect the Rift refinement process in his underground laboratory. Pleased with the results, he constructed an entire subterranean complex based on the four stages of the process of the alchemical Magnum Opus – Rotting, Purifying, Awakening, and Transformation. When this building-sized chemistry set was completed, he locked himself up in its deepest chamber and dedicated himself to his research, leaving the care of his manor to his disciples.

Now, if anyone wanted to reach Armand and disturb his work, they would have to survive the alchemical process themselves: only the purest of substances can make it through to him. As the cult and the furnace continued their operation, the old alchemist continued his work, securely hidden in his secret lab, greedily consuming the essence of hundreds of Mythoi in his research, growing more callous and self-absorbed with every passing day.
##### ONE-SHOT VARIANT
If you are running this case as a one-shot, Canseliet Manor is not just a refinery of Ichor, but also a honey trap for Rifts whose powers Armand wants to harvest. Tempted by rumors of the Philosopher’s Stone, the Grail, the alchemist’s gold cache, or his arcane knowledge, Rifts venture deep below the manor to find their prize. However, in the process, they become refined by the complex, ready for harvesting in the hands of the alchemist.
### Canseliet Manor
Armand bought Canseliet Manor a few decades after his awakening, with a fortune he amassed through his ability to turn metals into gold, knowing well that the manor sits upon a gold mine. What started out as a seemingly mundane mansion he soon turned into a school and laboratory for the alchemical arts, haunted by his quest for truth and immortality.

The mansion underwent its greatest transformation after Armand became a Grail Knight. In his madness, the alchemist dug deep under the manor, determined to turn the entire complex into an alchemical refinery based on the secrets of the Great Work. Later, the same complex was used to refine the Ichor that he and his servants stole from Rifts.

Each layer of the structure represents a different stage of the refining process:

**The Manor House (Depth 1) represents the first stage, Rotting.** In this level, the Ichor is boiled in the [[Ichor Distillery]] to force its impurities out. An individual passing through this level must first confront her weakness and faults.

**[[The Aqua Fortis Cistern]] (Depth 2) represents the second stage, Purification.** It is a grand cave full of a liquid that melts away impurities, painstakingly manufactured by Armand over decades. When the Ichor goes through this pool it is cleansed of all former influences of its original Rift’s life and personality. Individuals who come in contact with the water lose their mortal attachments

**[[The Gold Mine]] (Depth 3) represents the third stage, Awakening.** Here the Ichor has become refined into pure Mythos substance. A handful of Armand’s most devout followers, the Golden Ones, live here and handle the volatile essences, preparing them for their master. Those passing here must be as noble as gold, or risk reacting with the essences therein.

At the deepest level of the complex, in a rough-hewn cave, lies **[[Armand’s Lab]] (Depth 4), representing the fourth and final stage, Transformation.** Here Armand conducts his research, transforming the volatile Mythos essences into Tinctures and experimenting on them, seeking the secret of life everlasting. It is here that he keeps his most precious treasure: the Grail Water.
## Personal notes of background

# Hooks
- [[Cases/Payne Town/2. The mystical vein/6. The Alchemist/The hooks/Ariadne|Ariadne]]
- [[Invitation from Armand]]
- [[Trasure heist]]
- [[The Magnum Opus Cult]]
- [[Ichor delivery]]