# Mysteries and identities

| Title:                                                            | *STAR QUALITY*             | *HOME SCHOOLING*   | *PROTECTOR OF THE WICKED*                     | **STREET MAGIC**        |
| ----------------------------------------------------------------- | -------------------------- | ------------------ | --------------------------------------------- | ----------------------- |
| **Id/Myst**                                                       | No one can resist my charm | Family comes first | I will protect everyone, even from themselves | What restores my magic? |
| **What would constitute going against it/forbiding the answers?** |                            |                    |                                               |                         |
| **Clash ideas**                                                   |                            |                    |                                               |                         |

# Background

| Name                    | Individual Magical Ability                               | Profession                 | Rift of |
| ----------------------- | -------------------------------------------------------- | -------------------------- | ------- |
| [[Indiana (Indy) Hyde]] | Limitless Memory                                         | History Teacher            | Pride   |
| [[Isaac Hyde]]          | Above Average Physical Ability (strength, speed, senses) | Firefighter                | Wrath   |
| [[Iago Hyde]]           | Foresight and Mind Reading                               | Lawyer                     | Envy    |
| [[Ivan Hyde]]           | Control of wind                                          | Pilot                      | Greed   |
| [[Ian Hyde]]            | Animal Affinity and control                              | Veterinarian               | Lust    |
| [[Ignis Hyde]]          | Teleportation and Portal creation                        | Exotic Location Tour Guide | Sloth   |

The Hyde family has been known for greatness. Starting centuries ago, the patriarch of the Hyde family was known as a businessman with a knack for finding and selling items people didn’t know they needed until they saw it. As the bloodline continued, this greatness continued without issue, blessing all the males born into the bloodline. Strangely, there were no women born from a Hyde man.

Irvine is the seventh son of Imil (who himself is the seventh son of Imogen). Imil and Imogen have great successes in their own respects (Imogen being well-known real estate magnate and Imil being an accomplished chemist) and raised Irvine and his 6 brothers (Indiana or Indy, Iago, Isaac, Ivan, Ian, and Ignis) to also be great at what they did. Irvine loved his father and his grandfather, but he hated how strict and disciplined they were with him and his siblings. They spent hours each day learning things from all areas of life: physical education, languages, history, etc. During their lessons, Imil and Imogen would reassure them that the knowledge would be useful when they need it.

During his adolescent years, Irvine loved spending time with his family. Even through the strict attitudes, Irvine never doubted the love his father and grandfather had for them all. Whenever possible, the two would plan elaborate celebrations when one of the siblings accomplished something great. Irvine’s first celebration was when he got the child’s lead in a community play. It was at this party he first saw Alabaster Drake.

Alabaster Drake was an older albino man with an crushingly intimidating presence. He visited the Hydes home over the years. He always arrived at night and was always gone by the next morning, but his presence was felt throughout the manor for days after. It was a disturbing feeling of constantly being watched and analyzed, as if a predator was looking for a weak spot in its prey. Irvine knew his family was scheduled for a visit because his father and grandfather would be tense for days and spent hours locked in Imogen’s study. Whenever one of the siblings would ask or mention the man, Imil and Imogen would deflect the conversation and insist they needed to study.

During his teen years, Irvine noticed more and more that Imil and Imogen were spending more time with his brothers and not him. Although their studies had intensified, Irvine frequently found himself studying alone, when before all of his brothers would study together. Frequently, when they were supposed to have lessons together, Irvine was left alone with the teachers while the rest of his brothers were with his father and grandfather. Because of this, Irvine began acting out for attention, starting fights with his brothers, disobeying rules, and shirking his studies. Imil and Imogen were frustrated with Irvine and made it so he couldn’t leave the estate without one of his brothers accompanying him.

On his 18th birthday, Irvine approached his father and grandfather about leaving the estate to try starting his acting career. He had participated in a few volunteer plays and had loved getting the chance to act. Imil and Imogen were apprehensive to let him go, but eventually gave their blessing and sent him on his way. When Irvine moved out, the freedom he had was overwhelming. He picked up a lot of irresponsible traits (never on time, procrastinating, quitting half-way through things), but one thing he took seriously was his training.

Since he wanted to be in action movies, Irvine used his father and grandfather’s connections to find legitimate trainers and devoted 4 years his life to training with them. Once he finished his training, he was confident in his ability to act in any movie. When he was 25, he finally was able to land a starring role in the movie “Ninja Mime”. Unfortunately, the movie turned out to be a flop, with many critics speaking about Irvine not completing his own stunts (even though he claimed to do so). Although Irvine did what he could to prove that he actually did the stunts, his acting career suddenly came to a halt. Not knowing where else to go, he called his father and, after 8 years, asked to returned home.

The day Irvine arrived home, he immediately saw the signs of a family celebration. All of his brothers had come back to welcome him home and Irvine realized how much he missed everyone. The night was uneventful until the mood changed. At the same time, Irvine, all of his brothers, his father, and grandfather felt an overwhelming dread seep into the air before the glass in the foyer was shattered by a mysterious force. Everyone but Irvine seemed to know what was happening because, before Irvine could do anything, his brother Indiana grabbed him and led him upstairs. Irvine looked as his brothers began to chant strange words, causing a wave of energy to pass through the house.

Indiana led Irvine upstairs and into their grandfather’s study. Indiana explained with a straight face and serious tone that the Hyde family patriarch made a deal with a powerful sorcerer hundreds of years ago for continued greatness for his bloodline. This pact gave every male in the bloodline a connection to the sorcerer’s magic, which they all parlayed into finding some type of notoriety. Unfortunately, that sorcerer’s deal was a curse and now he was sending his emissaries to take what he is owed: the seventh son of a seventh son, which was promised as payment for a pact with the sorcerer.

As Irvine looked on in shock, his brother comforted him and said that everyone will be back soon, but that he shouldn’t come downstairs. With a mumble of, what Irvine now understands are magic spells, Indiana left him and joined the fight downstairs. Irvine sat for a few minutes, listening to the carnage. He could hear small explosions, his family grunting in pain and speaking magic spells, and an otherworldly roar echoing through the halls of the estate. All the while, the familiar dread weighing on his shoulders. Eventually, the voices of his family became fewer and fewer until he could only hear Indiana. Unable to control himself, he ran to help them.

When he got to the foyer, he could see the beaten bodies of his brothers, his grandfather, and his father scattered across the room. Some of them were moving, but his father and grandfather were not. He scanned the room and his eyes stopped on Indiana who had grown a pair of large wings and was flying towards a pale skinned monster with over-stretched limbs. Although he didn’t look human anymore, Irvine could recognize the sinister stare of [[Alabaster Drake]] meet his eyes. Easily, the monster was able to swat Indiana away and turned its attention to Irvine.

Irvine looked around and felt his end was coming. Even though he had training, there was nothing he could think of that could incapacitate a monster. He closed his eyes in anticipation. As Alabaster lifted a claw to swipe at him, Irvine felt something be pulled from his body. As he peeked through his eyelids, he saw a neon green copy of himself holding the monster back. Without asking questions, he dashed out of the way as Alabaster destroyed the copy.

The monster clambered through the first floor of the house, chasing after Irvine who locked himself in the library. His heart was thumping against his chest and his ears were ringing, but through the ringing he could hear his brother, Indiana, yelling to him. At first, he couldn’t understand what Indiana was saying until he realized he wasn’t speaking in English. He was shouting instructions in the same language he was casting spells in and for some reason Irvine could understand them! Indiana instructed Irvine towards a mysterious looking book that glowed when he touched it. He had seen enough movies to know what to do and he started shouting different spells.

The first few spells didn’t do anything useful: one shapeshifted a chair into a small bird, another one created a cool breeze, and the third created a frozen block of ice on the ground. The fourth spell was the first useful one. As Irvine recited the words, he felt the same sensation from before with something being pulled from him. Another lime green copy of him appeared, followed by another and another, but this time each copy was more muscular than him and each carrying a sword. He could feel himself getting tired, but he refused to let his family die. Irvine and the three copies he created ran out of the library.

Irvine watched the three copies begin to fight Alabaster and he expected them to be swiped away quickly, but these copies were more resilient. As he flipped through the spell book, he didn’t know which spell to read, so he started reciting again. As he read spells off, he saw one take effect, so he kept reading it over and over. As he continued to read, he saw his copies getting smaller before they disappeared completely. He could feel his consciousness fading as he read the spell one last time. As his vision faded to black, he heard an ear-piercing scream and felt the imposing dread start to reside.

When he woke up, he was surrounded by all of his brothers, but his grandfather and father were nowhere around. Before Irvine could say anything, Indiana explained what happened. The spell that Irvine read was an extremely powerful banishment spell and it expelled the magic from Alabaster and…into Irvine. They weren’t sure what that meant, but the creature was gone for sure.

With a somber face, Indiana also tells Irvine that their father and grandfather did not survive the fight. They tried the best they could to heal and revive them, but their injuries were far beyond what any of them were able to muster. As the seven of them began to clean up, they wondered what was next for them. Over the next few days, the other Hyde brothers caught Irvine up as to everything that had happened in the eight years he’s been gone. For now, they had to rebuild their lives and settle their father and grandfather’s final resting places.

In the five years since their father and grandfather died, Irvine spent every day training to learn more about the magical abilities he possessed while his brothers researched the sorcerer that cursed their family, even finding out that his name was Tuqor (tu-kor), something their grandfather and father had not been able to find. They all were adamant to become stronger because they knew Tuqor would not stop coming until he had Irvine in his grasp.