Armand’s alchemy is an alchemy of Mythoi. With it, he learned how to transfer Mythos powers from a human Rift to a Relic, a liquid Tincture. The process of extracting raw Ichor from Rifts and its effects are described in The Furnace (page 88); Armand then has to create the Tincture himself using his own alchemical Mythos powers and the Grail Water.

Any Sleeper in possession of a Tincture becomes awakened by it (in the same way a Sleeper is awakened by a Relic) and after a while learns to use its powers as her own. Armand can attune a Tincture to a person, forcing its Mythos to serve the bearer. This attunement doesn’t limit others from using the Tincture – Tinctures are too volatile to be so contained – but simply makes it easier for a specific person to control the Tincture. Sleepers who have an unattuned Tincture or a Tincture attuned to someone else may still use it, but only if the Mythos chooses them as its bearers, the reasons for which are always shrouded in mystery.

When a Rift tries to activate a Tincture, her Mythos interacts with the Mythos in the Tincture. The result can be a clash, causing a painful backlash; complete denial, preventing her from using one or both power sets; or, very rarely, a synergy, allowing her to use both power sets or a new power set arising from their union. Possessing a synergetic Tincture does not allow a player to add Mythos themes. At best, it grants them a temporary extra theme (use the Relic themebook but follow the Extra theme rules, making tags crispy). To retain the Tincture as a permanent extra theme, the player must spend a Moment of Evolution, or, possibly, sacrifice an existing extra theme (MC’s call). To adopt the Relic as a Mythos theme, the player must lose a Logos theme as usual or, possibly, sacrifice an existing Mythos theme (MC’s call).

Transfering a Mythos from a Tincture back into its original host is a theoretical process as of yet unattempted by Armand (he never had any intention of giving back what he stole). It requires the Alchemist himself or someone of equal arcane knowledge as well as extensive ritual and alchemical preparations. Attempting this process is highly dangerous and unpredictable, and, from a cinematic perspective, requires some kind of sacrifice (most likely a no-return Stop. Holding. Back. roll). Forcing a Tincture Mythos into a host who isn’t its original Rift is a thousand times more difficult. Restoring a Mythos to its original host without the Tincture is a feat of a lifetime, of which only the mightiest beings are capable

If the magician in question has some of the Grail Water in their possession (following Cult of the God King) or all of it (following The Alchemist), and if they can comprehend its mysterious nature, it may help with reducing the difficulty of any of the above procedures.